x/authz: audit updates (#9042)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: x/authz/spec/04_events.md

# Events

> The authz module emits proto eevents defined in [](../../../docs/core/proto-docs.md#cosmos/authz/v1beta1/event.proto)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authz module emits proto events defined in [the Protobuf reference](../../../docs/core/proto-docs.md#cosmos/authz/v1beta1/event.proto).
```
